
Did you say 'Good Morning' to someone today?
Did you smile at a passerby today?
Did you stop and smell the roses today?
Did you smile with your heart today?
Did you laugh today?
Did you do something for yourself today?
Did you say 'Thank You' today?
Did you stop to hear the birds today?
Did you make someone happy today?
Did you make someone laugh today?
Did you tell someone you love them today?
Did you think beautiful thoughts today?
Did you think positive thoughts today?
Did you surround yourself with happiness today?
Did you make healthy decisions today?
Did you forgive yourself today?
Did you forgive others today?
Do you consider yourself lucky today?
Did you help someone today?
Did you feed a hungry person today?
Did you buy a coffee for someone today?
Did you step aside to give someone else a chance?
Did you open the door for someone today?
Did you compliment someone today?
Did you smile, just because?
Don't judge
Did you hug someone today?
Everything happens for a reason
Did you take the stairs today?
Did you plan ahead today?
Did you feel invincible today?
Did you go one step further today?
Did you have faith today?
Did you look up at the sky and connect with the cosmos?
Did you feel in tune with nature?
If you made a mistake today, that's alright.
We cross paths with people for a reason
Live in peace
Take a deep breath, and know that everything will be fine
You are never alone
Did you know that laughter is the best medicine?
Did you realize that is costs nothing to smile?
Did you know that with a new day comes a clean slate?
Did you know that plants listen to you?
Did you realize that smiling requires no language?
Did you know that you are beautiful, just as you are?
Did you realize your ability to change the world?
Do you know that someone loves you?
Did you take a chance to feel in tune with nature?
Breathe with the trees
Were you thankful to experience a new day?
Are you in love?
Did you think about the happiness of others today?
Did you sing a song today?
Music has the ability to heal
Tomorrow is another chance
Close your eyes and find your inner peace







